#release notes for pre-pre-alpha-beta-do-not-use-omgwtfbbq




= Release notes for 4chandk v.pre-pre-alpha-beta-do-not-use-omgwtfbbq  =

== Before you read==
*The script may contain errors, these notes may contain errors, everything is incomplete. However, I release this due to the fact that it works, I won't have time to work on it the next week, and would like the opportunity to get some feedback.*
*Please, if you have _anything_ to say, don't hesitate to write me an e-mail (bottiger @ gmail.com).*

== How is this for ==
This release is for testing, playing and debugging only! The board itself should works more or less, but since the admin-panel is more or less non-existing, no caching is done, and it's very unstable[1] I can't recommend that you use it in real life.

[1] Not unstable as it will break your server, but unstable as in: "It will change a lot, never versions will not be backwards compatible, and I will not make a nifty upgrade script for you.

== What works? ==
See the roadmap: http://bottiger.com/Imageboard_Roadmap
Basically it says: "The boards works more or less, but may be slow, and you don't really have an admin-panel to control your boards".

== Requirements ==
The short version: A standard up-to-date webhost.
The long version: A webserver with PHP5, MySQL5 and GBlib

I know, not all of you have this, some hosts are still running PHP/MySQL 4, but that's just to bad :( I don't plan on ever making this compatible with PHP/MySQL 4.

== Installation ==
Since there isn't a nifty installer you need to manually load _database.sql_ into your database, and then edit _config/config.php_. Only the first couple of lines are required.

oh yeah, and don't forget to chmod _tmp/_ (and it's subfolders) to 777, or make sure it's writable to the webserver if you know better.

And at last (yes, this is quite stupid, but I didn't have time to write it). All boards belongs to a section, but since there's no interface to create sections you need to manually go into you database and add a section or two to the section-table (just give it an ID and a name).

== Known bugs == 
I don't think there are any known bugs (only missing implementation), but please report anything you might think is a bug here: http://code.google.com/p/4chandk/issues/list